# 2025-01-16

## Morning

*   How am I feeling?
* feeling kind of down today. overwelmed by choices, dauting and self loathing.i want to see a clear future , whats going to happen, world i changing and have many opportunities and i am serching for the right answer and growing old, i am thinking how much of a precious time i have wasted.now i have made my future hard. i have to work hard but to get out to make things right but what is right thing.what should i be. i dont want to live with people choices and expectations of a good life and well being. i want to do what i love. i dont think i love anything, i love being confused and think and give my self pain; as i lothe i fell the sense of enjoyment.my inner shadow like to dominate and win how do i win,win in what,i want to work super hard but i dont have a path. every path i take dont feel right to me.its around 1:30 and i havent slept i am just listening to songs and plainly thinking.yesterday was not a productive day and after i get a good sleep i want to a things to make my self feel right. right now i have a lot of time but i am not using it right and i shall regret it later,
*   Gratitude:
* thank you so much for my self for still searching for the answer and still hoping and trying for the greatness.thank you i dont want to giveup and i still havent. i want to see all the things and grab all the things that i want.thank you to my family for still having hope and leaving choices to myself and not annoying.
*   Goals for the day:
    *   [ ] learn to use obsidian
    *   [ ] dust in the wind guitar
	    * [ ]  learn all the javascript concepts and start learning react js
	    * [ ] exercise
	    * [ ] meditate
	    * [ ] crime and punishment capter 6 and 7 
*   Learning Intention: (What one concept do I want to focus on learning today?)
* toaday i want to learn the modern javascript(ES6) concepts and other useful functions and react basics
    * [[UID]] (Link to a Zettelkasten note I want to review or create)

## Day Log

*   (Notes about my day, activities, and any interesting observations or reflections. I can use different styles depending on what happened.)
    *   **Narrative:** (Describing events)
    *   **Observations:** (Noting interesting things I noticed)
    *   **Questions:** (Posing questions that arose during the day)
    *   **Links to Fleeting/Permanent Notes:** ([[UID - Idea about...]])

## Evening

*   Did I achieve my learning intention?
    *   [[UID]] (Link to a Zettelkasten note)
*   What went well today?
*   What could I improve?
*   What am I grateful for?
*   Did I complete my daily goals?

## Unprocessed Notes from the Day
(Here I will add link of fleeting notes which are important or need to process)